We use a number of interesting categories related to probability theory.
A notion of central importance in categorical topology is that of topological functor.
In the nilpotent case, this nerve is known to be a Kan complex.
We work through numerous examples to demonstrate the power of these notions.
If the category is additive, we define a sheaf of categories of analytic functions.
We use these relations to define analytic versions of Arakelov compactifications of affine arithmetic varieties.
They are used in the paper only to prove Corollary~8.3.
A proof of this corollary is given without them.
Here ``balanced'' can be omitted if the category is additive.
We introduce the notion of mutation pairs in pseudo-triangulated categories.
This result unifies many previous constructions of quotient triangulated categories.
We study extra assumptions on pretopologies that are needed for this theory.
We check these extra assumptions in several categories with pretopologies.
Functors between groupoids may be localised at equivalences in two ways.
We show that both approaches give equivalent bicategories.
In this paper, we use the language of operads to study open dynamical systems.
The syntactic architecture of such interconnections is encoded using the visual language of wiring diagrams.
Moreover it enables us to characterise operads as categorical polynomial monads in a canonical way.
have two useful gradings related by isomorphisms which change the degree.
The result is a double category C//G which describes the local symmetries of C.
There are few known computable examples of non-abelian surface holonomy.
Using these ideas, we also prove that magnetic monopoles form an abelian group.
We introduce a 3-dimensional categorical structure which we call intercategory.
We show that these fit together to produce a strict triple category of intercategories.
This is the third paper in a series.
The effect of any bundle of Lie groups is trivial.
All quotients of a given Lie groupoid determine the same effect.
Our analysis is relevant to the presentation theory of proper smooth stacks.
This paper extends the Day Reflection Theorem to skew monoidal categories.
Let C be a finite category.
We also give a presentation for FinRelk.
For full subcategories the answer is affirmative.
We put a model structure on the category of categories internal to simplicial sets.
We also study the homotopy theory of internal presheaves over an internal category.
Monoidal differential categories provide the framework for categorical models of differential linear logic.
The coKleisli category of any monoidal differential category is always a Cartesian differential category.
We focus primarily on the definitions due to Batanin and Leinster.
In both cases we define the join operation as union.
In the present article we describe constructions of model structures on general bicomplete categories.
Constant cosheaves are constructed, and there are established connections with shape theory.
Unlike the uniform completion, the Dedekind completion of a vector lattice is not functorial.
Our examples include the gleaf of metric spaces and the gleaf of joint probability distributions.
Examples of compositories include nerves of categories and compositories of higher spans.
We also characterize the irreducible and indecomposable representations.
We consider locales B as algebras in the tensor category sl of sup-lattices.
This equivalence follows from two independent results.
We do not require the base monoidal category M to be closed or symmetric monoidal.
We study the properties of these functors, and calculate some examples.
We give several examples of compact closed bicategories, then review previous work.
We develop a homotopy theory of categories enriched in a monoidal model category V.
The model structure is shown to be left proper.
Our results hold in any pointed regular protomodular category.
We show that the morphism axiom for n-angulated categories is redundant.
In this situation we need the notion of a delocalization.
Here we establish its significance in an algebraic context.
Birkhoff's variety theorem from universal algebra characterises equational subcategories of varieties.
We give an analogue of Birkhoff's theorem in the setting of enrichment in categories.
We will also see that these constructions preserve right properness and compatibility with simplicial enrichment.
The purpose of this paper is two-fold.
In the case of sheaves, we use local equivalence as the weak equivalence.
The theory of derivators enhances and simplifies the theory of triangulated categories.
We present a theory of cohomological as well as homological descent in this language.
The main motivation is a descent theory for Grothendieck's six operations.
Several consequences of examining particular classes of hypercrossed complexes of Lie algebras are presented.
Two states are past-similar if they have homotopic pasts.
However, R(S) can be seen as a new type of quantale completions of S.
Moreover, we exhibit the precise relationship between holomorphic and smooth gerbes.
This is phrased in terms of a multilinear functor calculus in a bicategory.
Connections are an important tool of differential geometry.
This paper investigates their definition and structure in the abstract setting of tangent categories.
A compactification technique is developed based on Shanin's method.
Among these are different versions of the acyclic models method.
Such a functor between effective categories is known to be an equivalence.
Databases have been studied category-theoretically for decades.
The aim of this paper is to present a perspective that addresses this issue.
Throughout, we emphasise how corelations model interconnection.
All these structures can be realised as algebras over polynomial monads.
Many important monads are shown to be tame polynomial.
This construction generalizes the nerve construction for differential graded categories given by Lurie.
We study the structure of the category of polynomials in a locally cartesian closed category.
This composition, however, is somewhat complex and difficult to work with.
Our first important result is similar to that of Lack and Street.
We study deformation of tube algebra under twisting of graded monoidal categories.
Let H be a quasi-Hopf algebra.
We prove that this functor is symmetric monoidal and indeed a hypergraph functor.
Each kind of circuit corresponds to a mathematically natural prop.
We describe the `behavior' of these circuits using morphisms between props.
We introduce and compare several new exactness conditions involving what we call split cubes.
The proof uses only certain categorical properties of the category of locales, Loc.
This 2-categorical refinement also provides a uniqueness statement concerning canonical triangulations.
We introduce a new class of categories generalizing locally presentable ones.
These biequivalences induce equivalences between the corresponding categories of algebras.
There are three main ingredients in establishing these biequivalences.
One motivation for this construction is an application to graph rewriting.
In this paper, we study properties of maps between fibrant objects in model categories.
We give a characterization of weak equivalences between fibrant objects.
An open question was: is it also a variety?
We show that the answer is affirmative.
The dual equivalence is induced by the dualizing object [0,1].
These variants of universal algebra are called {notions of algebraic theory}.


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































